Overall Feedback
R1: 

Overall score out of 5. Assign a score from 1 to 5, 5 being the best

4.5

Strengths.  What are the top three strengths of this proposal?
1. Perfect knowledge of the situation. Great investigation is done regarding the problem.
2. Good connection establishment with the previous work
3. Nice project definition

Places for improvement. What are the three weaknesses of this proposal?
1. the first item in Experiments section could be explained better and more clear.
2.it would be better if there was a better balance between introduction and objectives sections; i.e., objectives could be explained a little in more detail (of course many details are not available yet).
3.

Other comments or feedback:

-Overuse of the word "leverage"
-incomplete sentence in the third paragraph of introduction. (the first sentence)

R2: 

Overall score out of 5. Assign a score from 1 to 5, 5 being the best
4

Strengths.  What are the top three strengths of this proposal?
1.The proposed project is well anchored to a published paper which will make it easier to structure the work.
2.Problem context is well understood and the project is well justified. It will provide interesting insights if it succeeds.
3.The idea of developing a web application for visualization is great, although it will probably be time consuming.

Places for improvment. What are the three weaknesses of this proposal?
1.A more extensive literature review is required, it is possible that similar work has been done using data from another region.
2.The methods that will be used are not clearly stated. In particular, it is not obvious how graph representation learning mentioned in the related works section will be useful.
3.The abstract should be more of a summary, the introduction is the appropriate section to provide context.

My comments:

Some classical
compartnment-based models were used to establish
baseline understanding, such as Erdos-Renyi (ER)
graph. : ER is not a compartnment based model or and epidemic model

Related works need to be expanded 

Instead of facebook100, I suggest using POI data, e.g. https://www.kaggle.com/yelp-dataset/yelp-dataset?select=yelp_academic_dataset_checkin.json

or SafeGraph